the very well-identified flying object
has been taking charge of the skies of Brazil
the small unmanned aircraft drones
originally used by the military
now these equipments have been
employees also to replace the
helicopters in advertising videos and
news coverage
looking closely at him looks like a
aircraft of the future as if it had come out
of some fiction movie whom agility
stops in the air and still makes maneuvers
these are the so-called little drones
unmanned aircraft that begin to
gain space also in Brazil in countries
how the united states
some more sophisticated ones have won
military use will serve to spy
but the story began to change after
of the attacks of September 11 the country
sent three controlled airplanes
remotely to Afghanistan
the novelty is that the aircraft no longer
served only for missions of
recognition with technology
They were filming with
high definition and still
and explosive missile bombs but for
most people
this equipment is pure fun and not
there are those who are not attracted to them
has a company that does the
maintenance of these flying toys
this simpler model costs
up to 1,800 reais
the pilot controls the aircraft for a
mobile or tablet app
The author of this article is 50,100 meters
height of it if you do programming in the
own in google the app itself
first step is to press this button
green here so he can climb
pressing the button will go up good
he has autopilot
you can let go of the control looks go
stand still and it's always you
programmed to stay and stay high
always when you arrive it goes
stay there at that altitude there.
I want to fly it I'm going to press
O this button here by pressing the button
movement that I make move that I
do on the cell phone it will do more
many people are using the drones
for fun others have already turned the
equipment in an important tool
of work
even these small aircraft
brought a new look to the
advertising campaigns and
news coverage
the businessman luiz metro since small
likes model airplanes now uses a
hobby to make money the lugo
advertising agency equipment
who exchanged real helicopters
by smaller aircraft
on the last flight Luiz was hired by a
national circulation newspaper so that the
the demonstrations in the capital of São Paulo
the journalist now the first time
I went out last year was
manifestations and electronics of grandpa
according to the national aviation agency
civil anac there are no restrictions for the
sale or purchase of drones in the country but
to use the unmanned aircraft is
necessary that the person has a
flight authorization certificate
experimental